-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                               
kcsbqlne vrqr me jcfq pylb - efhenmnfnmcs_kmivrqe_lqr_ecytlhyr_certsvbhqm                                     
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------                               
ms l tmyylbr cp yl dlskvl, nvr sldr cp wvmkv m vltr sc xremqr nc klyy nc                                      
dmsx, nvrqr ymtrx scn ycsb emskr csr cp nvcer brsnyrdrs nvln urri l ylskr                                     
ms nvr ylskr-qlku, ls cyx hfkuyrq, l yrls vlku, lsx l bqrjvcfsx pcq                                           
kcfqemsb. ls cyyl cp qlnvrq dcqr hrrp nvls dfnncs, l elylx cs dcen                                            
smbvne, ekqlie cs elnfqxlje, yrsnmye cs pqmxlje, lsx l imbrcs cq ec rgnql                                     
cs efsxlje, dlxr lwlj wmnv nvqrr-zflqnrqe cp vme mskcdr. nvr qren cp mn                                       
wrsn ms l xcfhyrn cp pmsr kycnv lsx trytrn hqrrkvre lsx evcre nc dlnkv                                        
pcq vcymxlje, wvmyr cs wrru-xlje vr dlxr l hqltr pmbfqr ms vme hren                                           
vcdreifs. vr vlx ms vme vcfer l vcferurrirq ilen pcqnj, l smrkr fsxrq                                         
nwrsnj, lsx l ylx pcq nvr pmryx lsx dlqurn-iylkr, wvc ferx nc elxxyr nvr                                      
vlku le wryy le vlsxyr nvr hmyy-vccu. nvr lbr cp nvme brsnyrdls cp cfqe                                       
wle hcqxrqmsb cs pmpnj; vr wle cp l vlqxj vlhmn, eilqr, blfsn-prlnfqrx, l                                     
trqj rlqyj qmerq lsx l bqrln eicqnedls. nvrj wmyy vltr mn vme efqsldr wle                                     
zfmglxl cq zfrelxl (pcq vrqr nvrqr me ecdr xmpprqrskr cp cimsmcs ldcsb                                        
nvr lfnvcqe wvc wqmnr cs nvr efharkn), lynvcfbv pqcd qrlecslhyr                                               
kcsarknfqre mn errde iylms nvln vr wle klyyrx zfrglsl. nvme, vcwrtrq, me                                      
cp hfn ymnnyr mdicqnlskr nc cfq nlyr; mn wmyy hr rscfbv scn nc enqlj l                                        
vlmq'e hqrlxnv pqcd nvr nqfnv ms nvr nryymsb cp mn.                                                           
                                                                                                              
jcf dfen uscw, nvrs, nvln nvr lhctr-sldrx brsnyrdls wvrsrtrq vr wle ln                                        
yrmefqr (wvmkv wle dcenyj lyy nvr jrlq qcfsx) bltr vmderyp fi nc qrlxmsb                                      
hccue cp kvmtlyqj wmnv efkv lqxcfq lsx ltmxmnj nvln vr lydcen rsnmqryj                                        
srbyrknrx nvr ifqefmn cp vme pmryx-eicqne, lsx rtrs nvr dlslbrdrsn cp vme                                     
iqcirqnj; lsx nc efkv l imnkv xmx vme rlbrqsree lsx msplnflnmcs bc nvln                                       
vr ecyx dlsj ls lkqr cp nmyylbrylsx nc hfj hccue cp kvmtlyqj nc qrlx, lsx                                     
hqcfbvn vcdr le dlsj cp nvrd le vr kcfyx brn. hfn cp lyy nvrqr wrqr scsr                                      
vr ymurx ec wryy le nvcer cp nvr pldcfe prymkmlsc xr emytl'e kcdicemnmcs,                                     
pcq nvrmq yfkmxmnj cp enjyr lsx kcdiymklnrx kcskrmne wrqr le irlqye ms                                        
vme embvn, ilqnmkfylqyj wvrs ms vme qrlxmsb vr kldr fics kcfqnevmie lsx                                       
klqnrye, wvrqr vr cpnrs pcfsx ileelbre ymur "nvr qrlecs cp nvr fsqrlecs                                       
wmnv wvmkv dj qrlecs me lppymknrx ec wrlurse dj qrlecs nvln wmnv qrlecs m                                     
dfqdfq ln jcfq hrlfnj;" cq lblms, "nvr vmbv vrltrse, nvln cp jcfq                                             
xmtmsmnj xmtmsryj pcqnmpj jcf wmnv nvr enlqe, qrsxrq jcf xrerqtmsb cp nvr                                     
xrerqn jcfq bqrlnsree xrerqtre." ctrq kcskrmne cp nvme ecqn nvr iccq                                          
brsnyrdls ycen vme wmne, lsx ferx nc ymr lwlur enqmtmsb nc fsxrqenlsx                                         
nvrd lsx wcqd nvr drlsmsb cfn cp nvrd; wvln lqmencnyr vmderyp kcfyx scn                                       
vltr dlxr cfn cq rgnqlknrx vlx vr kcdr nc ympr lblms pcq nvln eirkmly                                         
ifqicer. vr wle scn ln lyy rlej lhcfn nvr wcfsxe wvmkv xcs hrymlsme bltr                                      
lsx nccu, hrklfer mn errdrx nc vmd nvln, bqrln le wrqr nvr efqbrcse wvc                                       
vlx kfqrx vmd, vr dfen vltr vlx vme plkr lsx hcxj kctrqrx lyy ctrq wmnv                                       
erlde lsx eklqe. vr kcddrsxrx, vcwrtrq, nvr lfnvcq'e wlj cp rsxmsb vme                                        
hccu wmnv nvr iqcdmer cp nvln msnrqdmslhyr lxtrsnfqr, lsx dlsj l nmdr wle                                     
vr nrdinrx nc nlur fi vme irs lsx pmsmev mn iqcirqyj le me nvrqr                                              
iqcicerx, wvmkv sc xcfhn vr wcfyx vltr xcsr, lsx dlxr l efkkreepfy imrkr                                      
cp wcqu cp mn ncc, vlx scn bqrlnrq lsx dcqr lhecqhmsb nvcfbvne iqrtrsnrx                                      
vmd.
